My name is Brandon Sarkis, on behalf of Expert
Village. Today, I'm going to show you how
to make Hungarian meatball stew. All right,
so our first step is to make our meatballs.
So what we're going to do is we're going to
take our breadcrumbs, our egg, and our ground
beef, and just plop them down here in the
bowl. And at this point, you're also either
going to want to have rubber gloves around
or very, very clean hands. In the event you're
like me and have clean hands and not rubber
gloves, you're going to want to make sure
that you do things like take off your ring
because food gets stuck underneath that, and
it gets really disgusting. Something else
we're also going to need here just for seasoning's
sake, a little bit of salt. And don't be afraid
about over-seasoning these because they're
meatballs and meatballs are supposed to have
lots and lots and lots of flavor. And some
pepper. And you can actually do this in a
mixer if you wanted to, but it's not as much
fun. You don't get to play with the food that
way. All right, that's probably good enough.
So next up, take your hands, your nice, clean
hands, and just start mixing. Start going
for the meatballs. You want to make sure that
your egg gets mixed in there evenly, too.
That's one of the harder things to do, and
all you have to do to mix meatballs, really,
is just grab a hold of it and just give it
a good squeeze and let it just come through
your fingers like that. And next thing you
know, you've got meatballs. So don't worry
about your breadcrumbs sticking to the bottom
of the bowl because as you mix it up, it will
pick up all those breadcrumbs out of the bottom
of your bowl and everything will be just fine.
What you're looking for here is you're looking
for a nice, even consistency. And you're looking
for the -- everything to be mixed together
well. My hand's getting very, very cold doing
this. It's also very important when handling
ground beef that you keep it really, really
cold at all times because ground beef is one
of the easier ways to get food poisoning.
So I had this right in the fridge until I
pulled it out, so it's really, really chilly
right now. So we're looking pretty good here
for our meatball sauce...our meatball sauce
-- meatball base here. So the next step,
we're going to actually make some meatballs.